 I just like to start with what brought you in here today to the family clinic Yeah, so I've been coughing for a few months now and So that's the probably Okay, and how many months have you been coughing for?
Just over to I would say and it's been I've been bringing up this yellow Greenish scutum.
It's kind of gross
 Okay, and how how much of this viewed them would you say you're bringing up in an awkward day?
Like a teaspoon tablespoon.
Oh, I see.
Okay, I don't know.
Maybe a few teaspoons throughout the day.
Okay, I first I thought I had a chest infection, but even after antibiotics from
 I
 I think is it through a bison and it's still it doesn't do anything Okay, I see and Do you find that your cough has been getting worse since then?
I Would say the cough has been About the same, okay But how about the speed on that you're bringing up has that increase?
It's about the same but it definitely I would say there's a pink tinge in the speed of now Every once in a lot.
I've noticed more than than before Okay, and did this all start after the Chest infection or did you have something like this occur before?
Yeah, this all started after Okay, I see was there anything that happened around
 that happened around that time, any new environment that you were exposed to?
Well, I did go to India a few months ago.
Okay, how many months was that also like two months ago?
Yeah, about that, probably closer to three or four, but yeah, right around the time that I think this
 that I think this cough started or just before I got back.
Okay, I see.
And how often are you coughing in a day?
A few times an hour.
Okay.
Anything that makes your cough go away?
No, you've tried.
No, nothing's really helped to go away.
Okay, and is it better or worse during the morning as opposed to night?
It's pretty bad all day actually and it's been impacting my sleep because I've been coughing at night too.
I see.
In terms of things that make it worse,
 things that make it worse anything you do around the house for at work that makes the coffee worse.
Yeah, I guess if I'm just moving around a little bit more it might bring it on a little bit more but it's pretty bad all day.
I see.
And in terms of any other symptoms you might be having, do you have any shortness of breath?
It's a breath, runny nose, any chest pain?
No, not really.
Besides the painting speed on, have you ever cough, up blood, like red blood?
Not anything that was really bright, red.
More pink.
More pink, okay.
So you travel to India just two months ago.
Do you remember what kind of place you stayed in in India?
Was it a crowded place or were you by yourself?
Well, I mean there's a lot of people around, yeah, there was not a lot of room where I was staying, so it was pretty crowded.
Okay, and was there anyone that was ill around you or any exposure to tuberculosis?
Tuberculosis.
I'm not that I'm aware of.
I was around my family, but I guess it's possible.
Okay.
And once you came back, did anyone else in your family get sick?
Or was it just you?
Yeah, I spoke to my...
 relative when I got back and they didn't tell me about one of my cousins there that was Feeling sick, okay, and have you been having any fevers or chills?
Yeah, I feel I feel like I've been pretty pretty hot sometimes Okay, and how about night sweats Yeah, the coughs been
 I've been messing with my sleep, but I've been waking up with night sweats.
And have you been having any headaches?
No headaches.
Any you feel that you've lost any weight recently?
Maybe a few pounds, but can you be tried to lose weight or was that unintentional?
No, I was kind of surprised I thought I would have gained weight because I've been a bit more lazy recently, but the weight seems to be down anyway.
I see.
Okay.
Have you noticed any wheezing sounds when you read out or be there?
No wheezing.
Okay, and you mentioned no chest pain, right?
Yeah, no chest pain.
Okay.
Have you noticed any kind of swelling in your legs, your hands?
your hands or anywhere else in your body?
No swelling.
Okay.
Any bowel movement changes?
Any constipation or diarrhea?
Not there, though.
Okay.
Any urinary problems?
Uh, no.
Okay.
Any changes in your appetite at all?
Do you feel that you've lost any appetite?
Um, yeah, yeah, maybe eating a little bit less.
Okay.
And in your current environment right now, are you exposed to any fumes or dust or any animals?
We have a dog, but no fumes or anything like that.
Okay.
Have you experienced any kind of dizziness or paintings falls?
Nope.
Okay.
In terms of your past medical history, have you been diagnosed with any medical conditions?
Yeah, I met a high blood pressure, type 2 diabetes and high cholesterol.
And are you taking any medications for any of those?
Yeah, I'm taking a few medications for blood pressure and
 And I think
 previous hospitalizations?
No.
Okay, any surgeries?
No surgeries.
Okay, and your family has anyone ever had any cancers or died of a heart attack?
Yeah, my mother out of heart attack, which she was 48.
Okay, and has anyone ever had a
 had anything like pulmonary fibrosis or any autoimmune conditions.
What are those?
So pulmonary fibrosis is a condition in your lung where you start getting like these nodules and it can run in the family.
And that can cause some of the symptoms like a chronic cough, it can cause some times shortness of breath.
And it can sometimes be associated with some connective tissue disorders that can run in the family.
Any of those ringable?
No, I haven't heard of anything like that.
You're my family.
Okay.
Yeah.
And other than that, where do you currently live?
Do you live by yourself?
Or are you...
Anyone else?
Yeah.
Yeah, I live with my husband and three sons just outside of town here.
Okay, and have any of them been sick?
No, everybody's been feeling well at home.
Okay.
And do you work currently?
No, I'm retired.
Okay, and currently do smoke Yeah, yeah, I spoke about a half a package cigarettes per day and I've been trying to cut down Okay, and how long have you been smoking for?
I'll probably like 30 years I see and do you use any recreational drugs like
 full drugs like marijuana cocaine uh no I've never used anything like that okay and how about alcohol do you drink alcohol um no okay okay so yeah those are um all the questions I had for you today uh do you have any questions for me or any questions or concerns um not right now
 all right now.
Okay.
So we'll be doing some investigations since you recently traveled to India.
We need to make sure that you don't have tuberculosis as that's prevalent in some parts of India.
So we might get like a chest x rate for that.
You may have pneumonia as well.
And then we'll go from there.
Does that sound good?
Yeah.
 Yeah, for sure. Okay. All right, Bob. After those tests come back, we'll see you in the next appointment for followup. Thank you.
